DOC-1557 - Downloads Tab (#6536)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/downloads/downloads.md

---
title: "Downloads"
sidebar_label: "Downloads"
description: "Overview of the downloadable artifacts related to Palette and Spectro Cloud tools."
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 0
sidebar_custom_props:
  icon: "cloud-arrow-down"
pagination_next: null
tags: ["downloads"]
---

> Explore our downloads section to discover the latest and specific versions of accompanying software for Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore our downloads section to discover the latest and specific versions of support tools and utilities for Palette.
```
maybe?

<!-- vale off -->

<SimpleCardGrid
  hideNumber="true"
  cards={[
    {
      title: "CLI Tools",

>       description: "Download the CLI Tools related to Palette and Spectro Cloud.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Download the Palette and Spectro Cloud CLI Tools.",
```
